h1. Changes against lunks/fish-nuggets

* master branch contains upstream from lunks/fish-nuggets master and is intended to be identical with it.
* addons includes my non-controversial changes (which are adding new commands, not changing behaviour of existing ones).
* patched includes more aggressive changes and is used by me personally.

h1. Fish nuggets

The fish nuggets project contains various completions and functions for the amazing "Fish shell":http://www.fish-shell.org.

h2. Git features

* Provides completion for git commands (eg. git ch<tab> completes for you)
* Provides completion of branch names for git branch

h2. Rake features

Completion of rake tasks with task description. The first time you type rake <tab> we will create a file containing the rake tasks in /tmp giving you tab completion of rake tasks. This supports several Rakefile locations, so you can use it for different projects.

h2. Capistrano features

Like Rake, lets you use tab completion for Capistrano tasks.

h2. Rubygems features

* edit_gem with tab completion for gem name lets you view the source for installed gems
* gem_doc with tab completion for gem name lets you view Rdoc for installed gems

h2.  Installation

  cd ~/.config/fish
  git init
  git add .
  git remote add github git://github.com/eventualbuddha/fish-nuggets.git
  git pull github master

Go into ~/.config/fish and add this repository, then pull. This will add the scripts in this projects for you to use.

h2.  Credits

Thanks to Lachie Cox for the initial rvm scripts (http://github.com/lachie/dotfiles).
